Previously on "The Village".
I got the digits. Yes!
Ava needs a favor
from your father.
Sofia Lopez.
The same Sofia Lopez
who's suing me?
Good to see you, son.
I came here to take
my daughter home.
Dad...
You stay the hell away from her.
I've been having some PTSD.
Wouldn't wanna spook you.
Are you in love with him?
- We're family.
- We're not family.
You're just the person
who got my husband killed.
I think I met a woman
I can give my baby to.
She really wants a baby
because she lost hers.
Do your worst, pal.
You said my dad was
a firefighter on 9/11.
Yes or no? Mom?
Yes.
You knew where he was
this whole time?
17 years?
Hey, baby,
what are you doing now?
A girl's gotta eat.
A girl's gotta get back
to her mother.
As soon as she's done eating.
You're playing grandma.
I am negotiating a peace...
while playing grandma.
What did you do with Hansel?
You've got to keep
your strength up.
Am I wrestling someone?
No, but you are talking
to your mom today.
Actually, I was planning
on moving the rest of my stuff
down here today.
You barely use that dining room.
It's been a week.
You can't punish
your mother forever, honey.
She lied about who my father was
and then moved the deadbeat
who ditched us
into our building.
She's lucky I don't call
child services.
They'd call a social worker.
Patricia Davis.
Nice to meet you.
The system is rigged.
Patricia.
Olivia? What's wrong?
My father kicked me out.
I was hoping
I could stay with you.
Regular orphanage.
Katie, I'd like you
to meet Olivia.
Olivia's our granddaughter.
Hey.
Um...
Okay, take her bag...
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Good morning.
- Is it?
Not particularly.
Um, I'll come back.
It's fine.
Your eye looks better.
Well...
time heals all wounds, right?
Well, I guess we should look
at the bright side.
Some kids run a whole city away.
She only went three floors.
Her bed's just as empty.
Not a peep?
I got a note.
Apparently we're meeting
with adoptive parents
before school this morning.
Communication's a good sign.
She signed it, "Your
former daughter Katherine".
No, she's just trying to sting.
Success.
And now I get to convince
rich people
who did everything right
with their lives
to take
my furious teenager's baby.
What's Patricia saying?
Katie's mad at me for lying,
and you for abandoning us
when you found out
I was pregnant.
Wait, she doesn't know
you never told me?
I've always said you left.
I never said when.
- I was going to...
- Don't.
Don't.
Um, yeah, I'll take the hit.
I broke up with you
and enlisted.
Gone is gone.
Well, not telling her
is what got me into this mess
in the first place.
Katie?
That's what you're wearing?
This is ridiculous.
You have all day to shave.
I'm late.
Ben was on the night shift.
I asked him to pick me up
a bagel so I could hit him up
- for a ride.
- Pops, he's a cop.
My tax dollars at work.
Where you going?
To throw pebbles
on my love's window.
We've been courting,
but only over the phone.
You look sharp.
You got school?
First day back at the internship
since Dad lost his mind.
That'll be fun.
One month till I graduate.
We can survive anything
for a month, right?
Unless you're deported
to a country
that's branded you a dissident.
I'm gonna go warm up
my throwing arm.
They're coming up.
Don't look so awkward.
I didn't know I was.
It's a beautiful home.
Playroom downstairs is bigger
than our apartment.
Sounds nice.
It's, Claire and Matt, right?
Max. Claire and Max.
What are you doing? Mom, stop.
I'm sorry.
This woman has been
through a lot.
If she thinks we're not
on the same page,
she's not gonna put herself
through this.
We're not on the same page,
Katie.
We are about adoption.
When we're through here,
I need you to talk
to me about Nick.
There is nothing to talk about.
You wanna forgive him
for ditching you
when you were pregnant,
go for it.
I'm not interested.
He didn't know
I was pregnant when he left.
What?
I was hurt and I was angry,
so I never told him.
I hate you.
My God. I'm so sorry we're late.
Did the doorman let you in okay?
Yeah, all good.
We come bearing baked goods.
- Hello!
- Hey.
- Hi.
- So good to see you guys.
Hi. Max.
- Hi. Sarah.
- I'm Claire.
Hi.
That doesn't make sense.
Why would he keep her from us
for 19 years
and then suddenly drive her
into our arms?
Because he is vindictive.
Whose side are you taking?
An hour ago, you were telling me
to send Katie back
to her mother.
How is this any different?
Because Sarah did not
kick Katie out.
Baby, I would love
to take that girl in,
but this is a powder keg.
So what are we supposed to do?
I will talk to her.
You will talk to Gordon.
And why would I do that?
Because she may be banking
on the fact that you won't.
This place is incredible.
How long have you been here?
Five years.
The first two,
it was a war zone.
Literally camping.
Well, not literally.
We renovated.
Katie said you were very kind
when her friend introduced you.
I think that friend
was matchmaking a bit,
but please know
I didn't have any idea.
Of course.
I did know
what a talented artist
Katie was from our
mutual friend's photographs.
What photographs?
All I did was crochet a heart.
Claire's work was
at the Venice Biennale.
Neat.
Mom, it's
a massive accomplishment.
If you're an art nerd.
Katie tells me you've
always wanted to go to Italy.
Someday, maybe.
So, you're thinking of adopting.
Cautiously, yeah.
In all honesty,
Katie showing up here felt
a little bit like fate.
Well, we both want this.
- You asked for coffee.
- No, it's fine.
It's already in the carafe.
Just two seconds.
She's a bit of a Martha Stewart.
I will grab some cream
and sugar.
Hey.
You know, it's called a bus.
Takes you anywhere
you want to go.
- It's also called flu season.
- Yeah.
Can I see your gun?
Absolutely not.
How many perps
you tackle last night?
Zero.
What's the point
of working graveyard
if you don't see action?
Ava went upstate with Sami,
so I've been a little sleepless.
I heard Gabey cut bait on her.
Yeah, she understood,
and Sophia's great, but looks
like it might not matter.
Yeah, a bunch of people
picked up before Ava
for the same offense
had their hearings last week,
and almost all of them
are getting deported,
at least the ones that
aren't married to citizens.
Maybe you should propose.
I already did.
To my first wife.
Never technically got divorced.
Here.
You can wear the hat.
You're here.
You didn't give me much choice.
Hop up.
You're joining me
in the meeting.
- Now?
- Right now.
Miss Lopez.
You know my son.
We've met.
Hey, Ron? Anybody here?
Sorry. We're not open yet.
Door was unlocked.
Miss Lopez,
what you're showing me
are a spattering of evictions
in different buildings
over a 12-month period.
All of them holdouts amongst
a larger group being bought up
by your client.
Evictions are approved
by the court system.
There are thousands.
And yet all of these happened
to have been signed off on
by the same two city officials.
You're barking up
the wrong tree.
Pretty sure you wouldn't use
the word barking
if I were a man.
Pretty sure I'd
say something worse.
Why would you do this?
Why would you sit me
across from her?
So you can see what
futility looks like.
I'm pretty clear on futility.
And what is that
supposed to mean?
I'm done.
I quit.
You know what they'll think?
Your future employers?
Yeah, that I couldn't hack it
at my own father's firm.
Nobody hires a quitter, son.
Of all the things
you could have said
to keep me...
They seem like nice people.
If you're serious about them,
I think we should
probably get a lawyer.
I'll figure it out.
This is a big decision, Katie.
We need to talk it through.
Or I could just make it
on a whim.
I mean, screw the kid.
It's all about me.
I begged Nick to stay.
He broke up with me
and enlisted.
I didn't want you to have
a father who didn't want you.
He didn't want you.
He didn't even know about me.
Katie.
Subway's this way.
You need to go to school.
To the right, the right. Yeah.
Did I hit it?
I'm thinking we try the buzzer.
Romeo didn't use a buzzer.
Romeo ended up dead,
and we might be, too,
by the time you hit this window.
Enzo. What are you doing here?
Gwendolina Ferrari,
I'd like to ask
for your company in,
a night you'll never forget.
Dinner, music, dancing.
- And an officer escort?
- Afraid I'll be clocked out.
The subway will do just fine.
Is that a yes?
I thought you'd never ask.
Hey, I saw we were short
a few things after the weekend.
Those stairs are narrow.
I don't want you
bringing stuff down.
But I'm bionic.
Look, I appreciate you
taking the initiative.
Don't suppose you want to,
return the favor
and send Katie home?
- Mom's pretty distraught.
- Yeah?
How's her father?
Kicking himself
for not telling her
when he had the chance.
No, I feel awful,
but yeah, I'm just trying
to stay clear
and give Sarah room to navigate.
We're on it.
I-I'll take over.
All right.
You have to tell her
to come home.
But you're the one
who asked her to leave.
Is that what she told you?
Look, if you want to hate me
for what happened
with your mother,
then that's your choice,
but destroying
your relationship with Olivia
just because she wants
to know me...
This has nothing to do
with you or Patricia.
It's between me and my daughter.
She's in my house now,
so I guess it's between
you and me.
You finally got
some leverage, old man?
You gonna hold her hostage?
Make me forgive you
before you send her back?
Give me one good reason
I should.
I'll give you ten.
I feel slightly uncomfortable
you're not in school.
I feel like somebody dropped
a bowling ball on my bladder.
Suck it up.
Can I play devil's advocate?
You didn't tell your mother
you were pregnant
because you were terrified
of what might happen.
For a few weeks.
And you chose to withhold
who the father was.
From her, not my kid.
You're splitting hairs.
You're supposed
to be on my side.
We're all terrified
our deepest truth
might strip away
what little we have
of the things we love.
Hey, thanks for the meme.
Also, I don't buy that.
Are you fine with us
just being friends?
Yes.
If you're not ready to talk
to your mother,
you should at least talk
to this father.
He was in the dark
just like you.
I'm fine
with just being friends.
I completely believe you.
And now you're just lying
to prove we all lie.
That is a distinct possibility.
Sarah.
I told Katie you never knew
I was pregnant,
and she said she hates me.
She's a teenager.
She's chock full
of pregnancy hormones.
She doesn't hate you.
She should.
I kept her from the father
who would have loved her.
You didn't tell me
because you were afraid
I wouldn't stay for her.
I didn't tell you
because I was afraid
you would only stay for her.
I couldn't not love you, Nick.
I still can't.
I had another moment today.
You threw up?
Loud noise. Spooked.
Keep seeing him,
and I've called half the guys
I served with,
but nobody remembers a Rashad.
Well, maybe I'm just going nuts.
Crazy people
don't think they're crazy.
We'll figure this out.
How is this fair?
With me all beat up,
you have not aged a day.
You want me to make you
feel young again?
Go away!
It's Katie.
She can't see me here.
I wasn't expecting to see you.
I wasn't expecting to be here.
You want to come in?
Um, I don't really know
what I'm supposed to say.
Yeah, I've been trying
to figure that out for months.
Any luck?
Long time no see?
That's the best
you could come up with?
Well, my talents
kinda lie elsewhere.
I don't know anything about you.
Fire away. I' an open book.
How long did you
and my mom date?
About a year.
Did you love her?
- Yeah.
- Why'd you break up with her?
That's a tough one.
Felt I had a duty.
Wouldwould you have
wanted to know me
all these years,
if you could have?
Yeah, of course.
Sorry my mom cheated us.
Katie, I haven't been back long,
but it's pretty clear
your mom's whole world
revolves around you.
Is there anything else
I should know?
Yes.
I make a mean teriyaki salmon.
- You cook?
- Yeah, only teriyaki salmon.
I dated a pescatarian
Japanese chef once.
What do you say we hit
the grocery store
and I make dinner?
Okay.
Look.
I found some pictures
I want to show you.
This was in Paris.
We took a cooking class.
Let me tell you, it was sublime.
I found some books
in the bathroom.
Books about cancer.
Is Ron sick?
No, honey. I am.
Look at me.
I'm gonna be fine.
And as long as we're
sharing secrets,
I'd like you to tell me
the real reason
that your father is upset.
I'm in love with a girl.
How long have you known her?
A few months.
She started up
at the restaurant I work at.
It just sort of happened.
Sometimes love sneaks up on you.
Um, Patricia,
can I speak with you?
Here.
He didn't kick her out
because of us, Ron.
Patricia...
He kicked her out because
he's a sanctimonious bigot
who can't handle the fact
that his daughter likes a girl.
She's not dating a girl.
She's dating a woman,
ten years older,
and he didn't kick her out
because she's gay.
She left angry
because they don't approve
of her coming home drunk,
smelling of pot.
What?
And apparently
she stole money off of them.
So you're taking their side?
We're not taking
anyone's side, honey.
We just wanna know the truth
so that we can help.
Ron's ten years older than you.
My father didn't approve
of that, either.
- Olivia...
- Forget it.
I can stay somewhere else.
Dana?
- Ben?
- Hey.
I was just dropping a friend
off a few streets down.
In uniform?
Good deed for the day.
What a coincidence.
Yeah.
Thought I'd drive by,
you know, and...
Look, I could keep driving.
No, no, no.
Itlt's good to see you.
It's just...
Here you are.
- Same as it ever was.
- A little different.
I guess so.
II wasl was going for coffee.
Do you feel like walking?
Yeah. Okay.
Don't worry.
The neighbors are mostly new.
They'll think I found myself
a handsome stranger.
No idea he's my husband.
- Thank you.
Is it still the worst coffee
in the city?
Yeah, but it's hot
and it's close.
Well, hot's an improvement.
Unless it's too hot. Still good.
Why did we ever
come here every day?
Because you're a sucker
for a punch card.
And the baby liked donuts.
Yeah, he did.
I forgot about that.
It'sit'sit's cool.
It's okay.
Old habits.
I got a lot of them.
Are you happy?
Sometimes.
More lately.
Yeah?
Why is that?
Making an effort, I guess.
Two years.
Everything on the street
still reminds me of him.
I like that about it, though.
He's gonna be on my mind anyway.
It's nice to be reminded
of the good.
The days at the park,
fall leaves...
And he picked up every stick
he ever walked by.
Yeah, he did.
Are you here to say good-bye,
Ben?
Just driving by.
I'm glad you did.
You know why your father
didn't approve
of me and Patricia?
My grandmother
was in an accident.
You pulled the plug.
Nine months on life support.
The doctor said
her brain was gone.
The pastor said,
"Leave it up to God."
You know, when you're
struggling with something
like that,
sometimes the hospital
offers a social worker.
Mine was named Patricia.
I don't want your father
to lose you
like I lost him.
You think we could try talking?
And if that doesn't work,
you know you always have
a place here with us.
Hello?
It's Claire Danville.
I was hoping we could chat.
Um, yes, sure.
Is everything all right?
Just a little maintenance delay.
All right with you.
You seem a little distracted.
If we can't talk candidly,
this won't be much of a date.
I'm thinking about my Rosemary.
Your wife.
I feel a little guilty.
Me, too.
My Leon. He...
He was the sweetest man
who ever lived.
Why don't you tell me
what you loved about her?
It would take all night.
Well, from the looks of things,
we're not going anywhere.
We met at Coney Island.
Coney Island.
I love that.
This is a great apartment.
How long have you been here?
Since Katie was little.
It's only the second home
I've ever had.
I love what you've done with it.
It's small.
Too much stuff.
Well, I know people
who are as empty
as their big apartments.
It's what's inside that counts.
This isn't easy, is it?
Katie's handling it
remarkably well.
For you.
It's her baby.
And your grandchild.
Do you drink wine?
A good sushi chef
will tell you the rice
is more important than the fish.
I'm not allowed to have sushi.
Yours will be well done.
So, where were we?
- Favorite movie.
- "Last of the Mohicans".
Tell me you've seen it.
I've seen everything.
Movie rentals were cheap.
It's amazing, right? I mean,
when he has to leave her
behind the waterfall.
- "I will find you!"
- Yeah.
And then Alice throws herself
off the cliff,
and you're just like, "No!"
Devastating.
You thought I would pick
a war movie, didn't you?
It is a war movie.
Stereotype me. Put me in a box.
I am a hopeless romantic.
Me, too.
- So what's yours?
- "Harold and Maude".
It's about a suicidal teen boy
who falls in love
with an old lady.
Does anybody skin a squirrel?
No.
Then I'm pretty much out.
- You have a Band-Aid?
- Yeah, bathroom cabinet.
I got this.
You want something to drink?
Jedi, dinner!
Hey.
Katie?
You're home.
Not for long.
What's going on?
Please talk to me.
He doesn't care.
Who?
Dad.
What are you talking about?
I was ten in that photo.
Where did this come from?
His things.
No, II don't understand.
He didn't just find out
about us.
He's known for years.
He saw me in that picture
and he didn't come back.
You were right.
He didn't want either of us.
Hi, Katie.
What's she doing here?
I stopped by to talk
to your mom about the baby.
You might want to think twice.
It's genetically predisposed
to be a liar.
Katie.
Katie!
Katie, honey, it's Patricia.
Give me a call
when you get this message, okay?
Straight to voicemail.
I was hoping
she'd pick up for you.
And she just left for no reason?
I don't know what I did.
It's what you didn't do.
What is this?
Somebody sent it to me.
Somebody?
When?
Years ago.
And you didn't come back?
Answer me.
You didn't tell me.
I figured either she wasn't mine
or you didn't want me to know.
It's not about me.
How could you see
this little girl with no father
and not want to meet her?
I was in a different world.
You don't deserve her.
Nick?
What have you done?
Hey.
Is this a drive-by?
I'd be driving.
Right.
Well, I didn't see that coming.
Yeah, you and me both.
For the record,
I didn't ask oror need you
to turn my deposition
into some grand soapbox
heroic moment.
Can we not do this?
But it was.
It was what?
A hero moment.
For what it's worth, he's wrong.
You're smart and you're driven,
and employers will see that,
and you'll get your fast cars
and fancy ski vacations yet.
He told me people
become lawyers to get justice
or to get paid.
I did it so my dad would see me.
I see you.
I wanted to do that
for a long time.
I did it. Don't take credit.
Can I take credit for this one?
45 minutes.
You're cute when you're angry.
- We missed our reservation.
- I had a late lunch.
Yeah, but I promised you
a night you would never forget.
I'd say this
is pretty memorable.
How much for whatever you got?
Excuse me.
Hey, Nicky.
I think you should leave.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org